Yukinoshita: Come in.
Yukinoshita: Take a seat.
Yukinoshita: So, what did you want to talk about?
Yukinoshita: I only took one day off, it’s not a big deal.
Yukinoshita: I was a bit tired, but it's nothing serious.
Yukinoshita: I know. I delegated the work, tried to share the burden...
Yukinoshita: He fulfilled his job as record-keeper.
Yukinoshita: That's enough.
Yukinoshita: It's okay. There's still time, and I'm working on things at home, so there's no real delay.
Yukinoshita: You don't need to worry about it.
Yukinoshita: Is that so...
Yukinoshita: Relying on others and everyone helping each other is usually the right thing.
Yukinoshita: But it's idealistic.
Yukinoshita: Someone always draws the short straw.
Yukinoshita: So I don’t expect people to rely on me, and I don’t rely on others either.
Yukinoshita: Oh? Then do you know the right way?
Yukinoshita: Sorry, I haven’t even given you tea.
Yukinoshita: My health’s nothing to worry about. After resting, I feel a lot better.
Yukinoshita: Hikki, do you want tea?
Yukinoshita: Y-Yuigahama-san...
Yukinoshita: I can’t right now, but someday I will rely on you.
Yukinoshita: So… thank you.
Yukinoshita: But, let me think it over a bit longer.
Yukinoshita: I’ll start the committee meeting.
Yukinoshita: Today’s topic is the festival slogan, as requested by President Shiromeguri.
Yukinoshita: Hikigaya-kun—
Yukinoshita: Rejected.
Yukinoshita: We’re not going to get any good ideas today anyway.
Yukinoshita: Spending the whole day on this is foolish.
Yukinoshita: Everyone should think of ideas on their own and decide tomorrow.
Yukinoshita: If everyone comes every day after this, we can make up for lost time.
Yukinoshita: Right?
Yukinoshita: Well then, starting tomorrow, thanks again, everyone.
Yukinoshita: What?
Yukinoshita: Misunderstandings can’t be cleared up. If the answer's already out there, the problem is over.
Yukinoshita: Please just leave if you’re going to get in the way.
Yukinoshita: I’ll be going over the budget, so if you insist on doing something, do that.
Yukinoshita: Any representatives from Class E?