Yukinoshita: You’re apologizing to the wrong person.
Yukinoshita: Yuigahama-san.
Yukinoshita: You invite people and then don’t show up.
Yukinoshita: That’s questionable behavior.
Yukinoshita: If going to be late, you should at least send a message.
Yukinoshita: I see. Then I can’t say it’s all your fault.
Yukinoshita: I’ll let it slide this time.
Yukinoshita: Were you having a conversation? It looked like you were forcing your opinion on them.
Yukinoshita: I only saw someone imposing.
Yukinoshita: Sorry for not realizing.
Yukinoshita: I’m unfamiliar with your ecosystem. I thought it was ape-like intimidation.
Yukinoshita: You can act like you’re the big boss, but keep it in your territory.
Yukinoshita: Like your makeup, it’ll peel off soon.
Yukinoshita: That weird laugh, I thought you only did there. But it’s in the classroom too.
Yukinoshita: It’s gross. Stop it.
Yukinoshita: No way. I don’t want to talk to someone who’s gross.
Yukinoshita: Don’t talk out of nowhere.
Yukinoshita: What are you doing?
Yukinoshita: There’s a suspicious person in the clubroom.
Yukinoshita: You know him?
Yukinoshita: Who’s he?
Yukinoshita: (sigh)
Yukinoshita: So what brings you here?
Yukinoshita: Enough.
Yukinoshita: You’re apologizing to the wrong person.
Yukinoshita: Yuigahama-san.
Yukinoshita: You invite people and then don’t show up. That’s questionable.
Yukinoshita: If you’re going to be late, at least send a message.
Yukinoshita: I see. Then it’s not entirely your fault.
Yukinoshita: I’ll let it go this time.
Yukinoshita: Were you having a conversation? It looked more like you were forcing your view.
Yukinoshita: I saw you pushing your opinion.
Yukinoshita: Sorry for misreading the situation.
Yukinoshita: I’m unfamiliar with your ways—thought it was some kind of ape intimidation.
Yukinoshita: If you want to act like the boss, stick to your territory.
Yukinoshita: Just like your makeup, it’ll peel off soon.
Yukinoshita: That weird laugh, I thought you only did that in the clubroom, but you do it in class too.
Yukinoshita: It’s gross. Stop.
Yukinoshita: No way. It’s gross talking to you.
Yukinoshita: Please don’t speak to me out of nowhere.
Yukinoshita: What are you doing?
Yukinoshita: There’s a suspicious person in the clubroom.
Yukinoshita: Is he an acquaintance?
Yukinoshita: Who is this?
Yukinoshita: (Sigh)
Yukinoshita: Then what are you here for?
Yukinoshita: Alright, that’s enough.
Yukinoshita: Enough. This is not a playground.
Yukinoshita: Let’s get to our requests.
Yukinoshita: Enough. This club isn’t a playground.
Yukinoshita: We have clients waiting.