Yukino: Well, the next stop is ours.
Yukino: If you want to play pretend,
Yukino: could you do it elsewhere?
Yukino: You've been saying all kinds of  things that have no meaning.
Yukino: Is it so much fun for you  to pretend you're working
Yukino: You use vague terms to  feel like you spoke up,
Yukino: to feel like you understand,
Yukino: but you take no action whatsoever.
Yukino: You'll never move forward that way.
Yukino: You won't create anything.
Yukino: You won't gain anything.
Yukino: You won't give anyone anything.
Yukino: You're just a pretender.
Yukino: Could you refrain from wasting  any more of our time?
Yukino: I don't believe anything  I said was mistaken.
Yukino: If you expect him to read a  mood, your hope is in vain.
Yukino: Even in our club,  he only reads lines of text.
Yukino: But Isshiki-san acknowledged  that I was right.
Yukino: So there's no reason for  me to be chewed out.
Yukino: Yuigahama-san, did you finish  bagging the cookies?
Yukino: No need.
Yukino: So don't touch these, no matter what.
Yukino: No matter what, okay?
Yukino: Good work today, Yuigahama-san.
Yukino: Giving just one person a  paper cup would be wasteful.
Yukino: You don't need to worry about that.
Yukino: It's just a substitute for a paper cup.
Yukino: We haven't finished your request yet.
Yukino: We said we'd accept your request, didn't we?
Yukino: Yes, maybe it is a riddle.
Yukino: If we're having a party,  I'll keep my schedule open.
Yukino: I made the cake you were eating earlier.
Yukino: I'm going to head home.
Yukino: I don't care for crowds.
Yukino: We'll see each other at school  again soon, won't we?
Yukino: Stupid... Dimwit... Hachiman...
Yukino: Yes...
Yukino: Oh... I'm not going home this year.
Yukino: I don't have any particular reason to.
Yukino: And it won't make much difference  whether I'm there or not.
Yukino: Is that how you introduce yourself?
Yukino: Hikigaya-kun.
Yukino: I look forward to this year.
Yukino: We're waiting for them.
Yukino: Hello?
Yukino: I'm hanging up.
Yukino: What is it?
Yukino: I can't believe this.
Yukino: What are you doing there?
Yukino: I'll be right there.
Yukino: Yuigahama-san... You're here, too?
Yukino: I... I see...
Yukino: You've got some nerve,  after calling me out here...
Yukino: I'll have black tea.
Yukino: Mom...
Yukino: I...
Yukino: I just sealed it inside...
Yukino: In the eyes of the people looking at me...
Yukino: ...that, just maybe, someone would find me.