Yukino: What's wrong with where I am?
Yukino: Th-Thanks.
Yukino: What?
Yukino: Isshiki-san.
Yukino: That obviously isn't true.
Yukino: I see. The petty suspicions of a lowlife.
Yukino: Checking? On what?
Yukino: Why aren't you saying anything?
Yukino: D-Do they?
Yukino: Thanks.
Yukino: These reduce blue light.
Yukino: Nothing of significance.
Yukino: We've known each other since  we were young. That's all.
Yukino: Would lying benefit me in any way?
Yukino: That sort of thing has always annoyed me.
Yukino: Even if something did happen,  and I told you all about it,
Yukino: would it change anything?
Yukino: Would you, and everyone else, believe it?
Yukino: Ultimately, it's meaningless.
Yukino: Is there something else you'd like to say?
Yukino: I am calm.
Yukino: I'm used to this sort of thing.
Yukino: As long as the people closest to  me understand, that's enough.
Yukino: Hikigaya-kun...
Yukino: Here. Take this.
Yukino: Well, then... Sorry to leave it all to you.
Yukino: I never expected to hear that from you.
Yukino: What do you want us to do?
Yukino: Alumni?
Yukino: Nee-san, there's something  I want to ask you.
Yukino: Do you know anything?
Yukino: Good luck.
Yukino: Hikigaya-kun...
Yukino: I stopped to rest for a bit,  and they made me forfeit.
Yukino: Did you hurt yourself?
Yukino: You could've had them treat it out there.
Yukino: Oh. I guess it was bad timing.
Yukino: Or maybe it's your luck that was bad.
Yukino: Or maybe your eyes, or...
Yukino: Looks like your hands don't  work so well, either.
Yukino: Sit over there.
Yukino: Just sit.
Yukino: I can't help that. It's to kill the germs.
Yukino: It only makes sense that it  would be effective on you.
Yukino: It looked like you were  running with Hayama-kun.
Yukino: Did you get any answers?
Yukino: That's a funny way to put it.
Yukino: All done.
Yukino: It's fine. It's not a big deal.
Yukino: That's the first time you've  asked me a question like that.
Yukino: For what it's worth,  I'll be going into liberal arts.
Yukino: So...
Yukino: For the time being, we'll all stay together.
Yukino: All right.
Yukino: See you later.
Yukino: It didn't particularly trouble me.
Yukino: And...
Yukino: I'm grateful that you were concerned for me.
Yukino: I don't know about that.
Yukino: It's just that so many things  are different from back then.
Yukino: Are you sure you should make  that decision so easily?