Yukino: Hello.
Yukino: S-So...
Yukino: So... About today.
Yukino: Could you tell me when and  where the meeting is?
Yukino: Good point...  There's no reason to say it twice.
Yukino: Hello.
Yukino: You're close...
Yukino: Um, Yuigahama-san,  could you move away a bit?
Yukino: Uh... I didn't mean...
Yukino: It sounds as though the situation is not good.
Yukino: Oh, nothing.
Yukino: It's worse than I expected.
Yukino: Just watching them irritates me.
Yukino: He's right. I also don't really...
Yukino: We can go anytime.
Yukino: I don't see the need to go  during a busy season...
Yukino: No.
Yukino: The Bamboo Fight is part of the  park's regular annual operations.
Yukino: Emphasis is placed on the world depicted  by the attraction, not on the season.
Yukino: That much qualifies as common knowledge.
Yukino: I refuse.
Yukino: If that's the case,  I guess we'll have to go.
Yukino: I have a yearly passport,
Yukino: so there'll be one ticket leftover.
Yukino: Yuigahama-san...
Yukino: That doesn't mean you can take  them without permission.
Yukino: There won't be a next time.
Yukino: There's nothing particularly  Christmasy about this ride.
Yukino: I don't see how it'll help us.
Yukino: I'm fine.
Yukino: It's just because of the crowd...
Yukino: Let's go.
Yukino: Quiet.
Yukino: Which one do you think  Komachi-san would like?
Yukino: What?
Yukino: Yes.
Yukino: Yeah.
Yukino: Th-That's true.
Yukino: It's not that it bothers me, really...
Yukino: I'm fine.
Yukino: I told you, I'm fine.
Yukino: I'm not. I really am fine.
Yukino: I wasn't very confident about doing this,
Yukino: but when I rode with Yuigahama-san,  it wasn't a problem.
Yukino: So I think... I'll be fine.
Yukino: Yeah... You're right.
Yukino: Well, a long time ago, my sister...
Yukino: It was when we were little.
Yukino: When we came to places like this,  she would always mess with me.
Yukino: And she really seemed to be enjoying herself.
Yukino: She's always like that.
Yukino: Hey, Hikigaya-kun...
Yukino: Save me someday, okay?
Yukino: Thanks. How much was it?
Yukino: But it doesn't work that way...
Yukino: Emergency rescue personnel  receive appropriate pay...
Yukino: Something like this has  happened before, hasn't it?
Yukino: The prize that employee got for us.
Yukino: We ran into my sister after that.
Yukino: Everything you said about her was  right, even then. You surprised me.
Yukino: That's true.
Yukino: I think that's one of her strong points.
Yukino: She's always been loved by many people.
Yukino: People said I was a good, quiet girl  who didn't cause any trouble,
Yukino: but I know that behind my back,
Yukino: they also said I was  unfriendly and unlikable.
Yukino: In your case, wouldn't they say you were  impudent, conceited, and a piece of trash?
Yukino: But I didn't know how I  was expected to behave.
Yukino: I'm not sure... I don't think  that so much right now.
Yukino: But she does have something that I don't.
Yukino: No.
Yukino: I just ask myself why I don't have it.
Yukino: The same goes for you.
Yukino: You have something that I don't.
Yukino: We were never the least bit similar.
Yukino: I think that's why I wanted  something different.
Yukino: I realized that there  was nothing I could do,
Yukino: so I started to want something  you and my sister didn't have.
Yukino: I thought if I had that, I could be saved.
Yukino: What, indeed?
Yukino: It's not a problem.
Yukino: May I check over the data?
Yukino: It's starting.