Yukino: Your tea's getting cold.
Yukino: There are plenty of things to do.
Yukino: Like seeing and experiencing  Japan's culture firsthand...
Yukino: Oh? Why are we going on  this field trip, then?
Yukino: There must be something you  two are looking forward to.
Yukino: Well, I'm looking forward to seeing  Ryouanji and Kiyomizudera,
Yukino: but I'd also like to see famous  places like Rokuonji and Jishouji.
Yukino: I suppose Kinkaku and Ginkaku  are their more common names.
Yukino: Also...
Yukino: I think that's about it.
Yukino: Isn't familiarity with Kyoto  considered common knowledge?
Yukino: What?
Yukino: Come in.
Yukino: Do you have business with us?
Yukino: Well, it's Hikigaya-kun's  fault. We can't help that.
Yukino: It's only natural.
Yukino: Then, forgive my asking,  but would you leave?
Yukino: Hold it. Where are you going?
Yukino: I was asking them to leave.
Yukino: No manners, no sense of propriety.
Yukino: I don't see why we need to do any  favors for someone like that.
Yukino: I'd appreciate it if you'd leave right away.
Yukino: Sorry, but it looks like  we can't be of any help.
Yukino: Well, if you insist, I'll think about it.
Yukino: A risk.
Yukino: It means there's a possibility  of danger or loss.
Yukino: So, let's start by looking  for Tobe-kun's good points.
Yukino: Let me see...
Yukino: He's loud... No, he's noisy... Raucous...
Yukino: He's very lively?
Yukino: How's that?
Yukino: By the way, how does Ebina-san  feel about Tobe-kun?
Yukino: That means we'll have to create  a situation in which Tobe-kun
Yukino: Come in.
Yukino: Please sit wherever you like.
Yukino: What are you saying?
Yukino: What was that?
Yukino: Don't you think it's a bit cruel  to ask that of Hikigaya-kun?
Yukino: Yuigahama-san, try to be a  little more considerate, okay?
Yukino: Well, what a coincidence.
Yukino: What's wrong?
Yukino: The topic of conversation among  my classmates turned toward me.
Yukino: Why do they enjoy talking  about things like that?
Yukino: You say that as if it's no problem of yours,
Yukino: but it's all because of what you  did at the cultural festival.
Yukino: And? How's that service request going?
Yukino: Sorry I can't help very much,  since I'm in a different class.
Yukino: You should worry about that.
Yukino: It was certainly an intense flavor.
Yukino: But why did we have to come with you?
Yukino: That's an even worse thing  for a teacher to do.
Yukino: O-Oh...
Yukino: You could just go on ahead.
Yukino: Maybe you don't, but it bothers me.
Yukino: Well...
Yukino: If anyone sees us together...
Yukino: Yeah. Goodnight.
Yukino: Um...
Yukino: Thanks for walking me back.