Yuigahama: He's at it again.
Yukinoshita: He makes no sense, but it's oddly convincing — that's what makes him dangerous.
Hikigaya: Wait, I'm not the problem here. Society is.

Unknown: Ah, it's that season already?
Yukinoshita: The class relay was always tough, right?
Unknown: Right, there's always that one soccer guy who clicks his tongue when someone loses ground.

Unknown: Ah, it's that season already?
Yukinoshita: I wasn't that fast, so it was rough for me.
Unknown: Right, there's always that one soccer guy who clicks his tongue when someone loses ground.

Unknown: Tsundere?
Yukinoshita: I think girls are pretty serious about it. They usually mean what they say.
Hikigaya: So you're just saying it, huh... Look up what "to declare" means.

Hikigaya: So you're just saying it, huh... Look up what "to declare" means.
Yukinoshita: And then there are group gymnastic formations when you’re one short and have to do it with the teacher.
Unknown: Trying to do a fan formation but there’s not enough people...

Unknown: Trying to do a fan formation but there’s not enough people...
Yukinoshita: It’s kind of sad for the parents watching.
Unknown: Come in.

Unknown: Sorry, I’m not good at remembering names.
Yukinoshita: Don’t worry. He’s just especially good at not being remembered.
Hikigaya: Why are you saying that? Though it’s true.

Hikigaya: Why are you saying that? Though it’s true.
Yukinoshita: You’re also good at erasing your presence.
Yuigahama: That’s not true! In the classroom, being alone just makes you stand out more.

Hikigaya: Uh, sure.
Yukinoshita: Meguri-senpai, don't worry about that.
Unknown: Sure, sure. What I want help with is the main boys' and girls' events.

Hikigaya: Uh, sure.
Yukinoshita: Could you tell us more about your request?
Unknown: Sure, sure. What I want help with is the main boys' and girls' events.

Unknown: The main events?
Yukinoshita: What did they do last year?
Hikigaya: Now that you mention it, I don't remember.

Hikigaya: Now that you mention it, I don't remember.
Yukinoshita: People tend to seal away unpleasant memories.
Hikigaya: Stop treating my sports festival as a dark past.

Unknown: It’s plain every year, so this time I want something flashy.
Yukinoshita: Understood. When would you need our idea?
Unknown: Well, there’s a planning committee meeting. Could you join?

Unknown: I’m red team.
Yukinoshita: Red.
Yuigahama: Red.

Hiratsuka: Looks like you’ve got the staff you need.
Yukinoshita: Yes, just like you suggested.
Hikigaya: This was your idea again, sensei?

Hikigaya: So you’re treating this like play.
Yukinoshita: Are you in charge of the festival, too?
Hiratsuka: Yeah, these jobs always go to the young teacher.

Unknown: Any other ideas?
Yukinoshita: How about a bread-eating race?
Unknown: The rice group might complain...

Unknown: Sigh... We’re more short on ideas than I thought.
Yukinoshita: Whatever we suggest, there are always lots of arguments.
Hikigaya: Maybe it’s just not for us to decide.

Hikigaya: Maybe it’s just not for us to decide.
Yukinoshita: So what do we do?
Hikigaya: Right person for the right job, you know?

Hikigaya: Right person for the right job, you know?
Yukinoshita: True, it’s an important approach.
Hikigaya: In the end, the capable ones in organizations always get worked the hardest, but wages don’t go up.

Yuigahama: Totally, right! I get that so well!
Yukinoshita: Sensei, should you really be agreeing with us?
Hikigaya: If someone who can’t do it forces themselves, it’s pointless.

Hikigaya: Get a pro.
Yukinoshita: So, are you saying we should just give up?
Hikigaya: No — job sharing, job rotation, outsourcing.

Yuigahama: Not sure what that means, but it sounds cool.
Yukinoshita: You're good at throwing out buzzwords.
Hiratsuka: Let’s go with that.

Yuigahama: Not sure what that means, but it sounds cool.
Yukinoshita: But trusting and delegating is important.
Hiratsuka: Let’s go with that.

Unknown: Thanks, everyone! Thanks to your help, this should be a blast!
Yukinoshita: It's not over yet, Meguri-senpai.
Hikigaya: For now, we’ve only handled half your request.

Hikigaya: For now, we’ve only handled half your request.
Yukinoshita: We still need to win.
Yuigahama: Yeah, let’s go for it!

Unknown: You two sure get along.
Yukinoshita: Why is this Western-style?
Yuigahama: Isn’t it supposed to be samurai-themed?

Yumiko: Haah!
Yukinoshita: Dar!
Unknown: An air throw?

Announcer (Ooka): Next up is the boys’ pole-toppling battle!
Yukinoshita: For Ebina’s idea, this turned out pretty normal.
Ebina: Gufufufu... Boys wrestling for the pole... so indecent!

Announcer: For the Red Team, Totsuka Saika, tennis club captain!
Yukinoshita: Do you have a secret plan, Zaimokuza?
Zaimokuza: Yes, let’s hear it.

Hikigaya: My bad. I didn't think anyone was watching.
Yukinoshita: People watch more than you think.
Hikigaya: You did?

Hikigaya: My bad. I didn't think anyone was watching.
Yukinoshita: I saw you, too.
Hikigaya: You did?

Hikigaya: You did?
Yukinoshita: Just by chance.
Hikigaya: You all saw it, huh.

Yuigahama: Anyway, Meguri-senpai was super happy.
Yukinoshita: Still, losing hurts more than I expected.
Yuigahama: Next year, let’s win!

Yuigahama: Anyway, Meguri-senpai was super happy.
Yukinoshita: First time I realized that.
Yuigahama: Next year, let’s win!

Yuigahama: Next year, let’s win!
Yukinoshita: Next year for sure.
Hikigaya: But we may not be on the same team next year.

Hikigaya: But we may not be on the same team next year.
Yukinoshita: There you go again...
Hikigaya: Sudden motivation out of nowhere?

Hikigaya: But we may not be on the same team next year.
Yukinoshita: Honestly, you might enjoy being the enemy.
Hikigaya: Sudden motivation out of nowhere?
