Hikigaya: Yo.
Yukinoshita: Good morning, Yuigahama-san.
Yuigahama: Hey, Hikki, did you do that summer homework?

Hikigaya: It’s because it was only math. I refused to let it accumulate.
Yukinoshita: Surprisingly prudent.
Yuigahama: Hikki’s always surprisingly prudent just in the worst ways.

Hikigaya: That's not a compliment...
Yukinoshita: It's nearly time for the next homeroom, right?
Yuigahama: Oh, right! See you after school, then!

Meguri: About the student council's prom proposal...
Yukinoshita: Yes?
Meguri: It got shot down pretty quickly at the staff meeting.

Meguri: It seems so.
Yukinoshita: If we push forward disrespecting objections, the criticism will mostly hit the students.
Meguri: That’s exactly it.

Meguri: So unless you can address concerns or win the teachers over, it's not looking good.
Yukinoshita: Thank you for letting us know, and thank you for all your effort.
Meguri: Don’t mention it. Let me know if you need help again.

Yuigahama: Do you think we can do something?
Yukinoshita: If we can’t persuade the staff, there’s no way forward.
Yuigahama: What should we do, then?

Yuigahama: What should we do, then?
Yukinoshita: For now, I’ll try to gather more information. Let's meet after school.
Yuigahama: Got it!

Iroha: Well, it might have come across like it was my idea, but Yukinoshita-senpai is the one who’s actually in charge...
Yukinoshita: I’m not convinced letting this drop is the right thing, not for Iroha-san or the student council, either.
Iroha: I mean, I'm totally fine with it.

Iroha: Look, senpai, you need to do things you can win, you know? You get it, right?
Yukinoshita: But sometimes you can't run from things.
Iroha: Ugh, Senpai, you've gotten so cool lately it’s getting in the way of my plans...

Hikigaya: What are you going to do, Yukinoshita?
Yukinoshita: We’ll need to address every misconception in detail. If we make concrete plans—rules, security, and such—it might convince them.
Yuigahama: But is it okay for us to get that involved?

Yuigahama: But is it okay for us to get that involved?
Yukinoshita: I’m not giving up yet. We’ll draft the detailed plan, and see if that changes things.
Iroha: Please don't make it lots of paperwork for the student council...

Iroha: Please don't make it lots of paperwork for the student council...
Yukinoshita: We’ll take responsibility for documenting our proposal.
Iroha: Thanks, Senpai. You’re a lifesaver...

(Scene change: Clubroom)
Yukinoshita: It’s best to anticipate as many problems as possible and propose measures for each.
Hikigaya: Is it okay if I list them out?

Hikigaya: Is it okay if I list them out?
Yukinoshita: Please.
Hikigaya: Number one: No drinking, strictly enforced. Security at every entrance.

Hikigaya: Number one: No drinking, strictly enforced. Security at every entrance.
Yukinoshita: Number two: Dress code guidelines. Arrange for chaperones.
Yuigahama: What about music selection? Keep songs appropriate.

Yuigahama: What about music selection? Keep songs appropriate.
Yukinoshita: Let’s clarify the rules on physical contact in dance.
Yuigahama: Ugh, manual labor...

Yuigahama: Yukinon, are you okay with this?
Yukinoshita: I'm not sure. But... this is the only way to move forward now.
Hikigaya: Then let's do it.

Yuigahama: Let's do our best!
Yukinoshita: Thank you, both of you.
